1 > Come back and fix the errors partial

Implementing bootstrap was frustrating because I had application.css.scss as application.scss.css and it wasns't correctly reading the bootstrap-sass, instead thinking of it as regular css. The problem fixed itself when I correctly switched it to application.css.scss.

> Another interesting observation I've found? Don't name any of your columns 'type'. It will give you an ActiveRecord error.


> undefined nil for nilclass errors usually mean you aren't passing an instance variable to the view


migrations solely manipulate the database. It's the associations that you decide to give in the model that gives the model class their methods. for example, to say a dog is owned by the customer, you have to go into the dog model and put belongs_to


if you keep wondering why certain fields aren't showing up, make sure you've whitelisted that param

nilclass probably means there is a missing association somewhere. check whether the ids on the joining table are filled in

When using dropdown menus, make sure to make the menu default on the previously stored value because it can cause users to mistakenly change information without their knowledge if the menu always defaults to the first option

use background-image: image-url('custom.jpg')  to directly access images you need

background: gray image-url('dogbg.jpg') no-repeat bottom center; use words like bottom center, etc to shift around
big images if you need to move them around when you are using them as a background image.